So connecting react or front that in general to the database is that a good idea.
Well let me tell you why this is not the case because actually you could say well I got my on my front
end of reacting on a case and I got my database on our database server and now I want to do something
with that database.
I want to store data or fetch data.
Technically this would be possible but the question is is that something you should do.
And the answer is no you shouldn't because this is a highly insecure approach because secure authentication
is not really possible if it directly connect your front to the database because to interact with the
database we need to provide credentials right.
Otherwise we cannot use that database and we could provide these credentials as part of shopfront and
code.
The problem is that our front end code is running in the browser and therefore anybody can access it
in the end.
So with that we would expose our credentials and therefore definitely not what we want.
And this would also expose our full database so people could do more of a database than they're actually
supposed to do.
Therefore connecting react to the database is nothing you should do here.
Therefore we will connect react to our back into our node Express back and react will then send the
request to this back end and then the back end will process information and establish a connection to
the monkey server.
And this is a secure approach because here our credentials will not be exposed and therefore we can
provide a secure authentication.
So that's why we connect not expressed among wouldn't be here because that's a typical approach how
you will use it in a real world an application so that we know what would be is why we use it and why
be connected not to the react app but to our back into our node Express back and therefore let us not
have a look at Hmong DB and set it up.